hi this is Annie and today I am making
barbecue pork ribs you can find the
recipe and measurements on my Yamaha la
cookbook on the iPhone or you can also
find the recipe on my blog at Annie van
comm here I have three slabs of pork
ribs I mixed my barbecue seasoning with
some salt and pepper in a small bowl so
that it would be easy to coat on the
ribs for this recipe I used a
prepackaged
seasoning mix from the grocery store you
can use any brand that you like you want
to generously coat the ribs and rub the
mixture all over to distribute evenly
you
I am covering my ribs with some aluminum
foil and I will be marinating it in the
refrigerator for at least six hours or
overnight if best this allows the pork
to soak in more of that flavor then I
cut out the pork into four to five rib
pieces this makes it easier to cook you
can leave it as a whole slab if you want
to on a hot grill I would be searing the
ribs for about ten minutes to lock in
the juices
after 10 minutes I'm going to transfer
this back into a plate for the next step
in a large aluminum pan I added some
chopped ik ice and some chopped onion
you can use any kind of onion that you
have available then I place the ribs
evenly in the pan so that they are
evenly distributed and I would place any
leftover onions on top
I'm adding 1 liter of apple cider
cover and return the whole pan to the
grill and cook on medium for two hours
during this cooking process the pork
ribs will get really tender after 2
hours you want to carefully remove the
cover and add the pork back to the grill
you can also discard any of the juices
from this pan or use it in other recipes
we're going to finish off these ribs on
back on the grill
you can add any kind of barbecue sauce
that you like in this demonstration I'm
using Famous Dave's sweet and zesty
barbecue sauce because it's one of my
favorite you just want to brush that on
to the ribs
for this stuff we're gonna coat both
sides and we're gonna cook this for
maybe just a few minutes
mmm doesn't that look good
I'm gonna eat are you
so here we have it our barbecue pork
ribs they are so good trust me they are
soft and juicy and moist and fall off
the bone finger delicious please
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already and give me a thumbs up on this
video if you liked it
the song played in this video is written
by my son Benjamin thank you so much for
watching look forward to the next video
with you bye